[doc] Improve after code moves, part 1 (#655)
CanalTP/transit_model: README.md

data.<br>
This is done by implementing the [NTFS] model (used in [navitia]).

This repository regroups crates that offer enabler-libraries and binaries to
convert and enrich transit data.

Please check documentation attached to each crate:
* [**gtfs2netexfr**](gtfs2netexfr/README.md) converts [GTFS] data format into
  [NeTEx]-France data format.
* [**gtfs2ntfs**](gtfs2ntfs/README.md) converts [GTFS] data format into [NTFS]
  data format.
* [**ntfs2gtfs**](ntfs2gtfs/README.md) converts [NTFS] data format into [GTFS]
  data format.
* [**ntfs2netexfr**](ntfs2netexfr/README.md) converts [NTFS] data format into
  [NeTEx]-France data format.
* [**ntfs2ntfs**](ntfs2ntfs/README.md) checks and cleans a [NTFS] dataset.
* [**restrict-validity-period**](restrict-validity-period/README.md) restricts
  the validity period of a [NTFS] dataset and purges out-of-date data.

## [PROJ] dependency

Based on [PROJ], the [`proj` crate] allows the transformation of
localization coordinates.

Some `transit_model`'s crates (see each documentation) use [PROJ].<br>
So it must be installed on the system to compile and use those crates.

> ### [PROJ] for binaries

Reviewer: We have to specify somewhere that the instructions are for a Debian base (we already had the remark in the past).

Using the [`proj` crate] requires some system-dependencies installation.

> The version `6.3` of [PROJ] is needed.

Reviewer: example 
_Rust requires a version 6+.
Debian based distributions (even the latest Ubuntu), the distributed version is 5. Therefore this library needs to be compiled._

Author: Ah, I did some change on this already, but this is more concise :smile: 
I don't know what version precisely are OK: `6 =< v < 7` ?
As for the system version, I figured the user will check her version by any mean she knows, as compiling is always long...

Let you check and maybe discuss it directly?

Reviewer 2: If we don't know about which versions of Proj are compatible, I suggest to mention we're testing our product with `6.3.0` and let the users take their own responsibilities of using anything else than that version.

Reviewer: @woshilapin yes it's simpler like that :+1:

Author: Changed here: https://github.com/CanalTP/transit_model/pull/655/commits/6c91f23f0149bc957b33a67d617efaaef45c5b9f#diff-04c6e90faac2675aa89e2176d2eec7d8L41-R69

```sh
# Needed only for proj install
sudo apt install -yq wget build-essential pkg-config sqlite3 libsqlite3-dev

sudo apt remove libproj-dev  # remove system version from packages
wget https://github.com/OSGeo/proj.4/releases/download/6.3.0/proj-6.3.0.tar.gz
tar -xzf proj-6.3.0.tar.gz
cd proj-6.3.0
./configure --prefix=/usr
make
sudo make install

> # Not needed anymore
> # sudo apt remove wget build-essential pkg-config sqlite3 libsqlite3-dev

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# These dependencies can be removed after the build
# sudo apt purge wget build-essential pkg-config sqlite3 libsqlite3-dev
```
I'm afraid `not needed anymore` is understood as a comment that is not needed anymore but that we forgot to remove.

```
[PROJ installation instructions](https://github.com/OSGeo/PROJ#installation)
may help, too.

Some packages are also needed:
```sh
apt install -y clang libssl-dev
```

### Using [PROJ] and transit_model as a developer

[`proj` crate] is a binding to the C library
(version 6.3.0).

[PROJ] is configured as a `feature` of the `transit_model` crate.<br>
So to use it for coding, the `proj` feature must be activated
(`cargo build --features=proj`).<br>

> Then specific code should be protected with `#[cfg(feature="proj")]`.

Reviewer 2: `protected`? or `conditionally enabled`?
